Generate built CSS file containing the admin color theme CSS custom properties (#69128)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/base-styles/README.md

}
```

### CSS Admin Themes

> The package also includes a built version of the output generated by the `wordpress-admin-schemes()` mixin which can be used directly in your project. The CSS file is located at `node_modules/@wordpress/base-styles/dist/admin-schemes.css`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package also includes a built version of the output generated by the `wordpress-admin-schemes()` mixin which can be used directly in your project. The CSS file is located at `node_modules/@wordpress/base-styles/build-style/admin-schemes.css`.
```

I'm a bit unsure, but if we installed this npm library, this might be correct path.

Reviewer 2: I'm interested in basic training about it
